copy /y                  src\utility\game_def.h                          ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\utility\gene.h                             ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\utility\chessboard_def.h                   ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\utility\data_stream.h                       ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\utility\data_stream_def.h                        ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\anim2d.h                            ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\sprite2d.h                          ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\element2d.h                         ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\ui\*.h                              ..\..\include\game\ui
copy /y                  src\2dgame\earth\ientity2d.h                   ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\earth\role2d.h                      ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\earth\building2d.h                  ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\earth\zone2d.h                      ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\earth\terrain2d.h                   ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\earth\camera2d.h                    ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\earth\partical_system.h             ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\2dgame\earth\render2dex.h                  ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\render\vmc-render_def.h                    ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\render\ivmc-render.h                       ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\render\vmc-render2d.h                      ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\render\vmc-render3d.h                      ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\render\draw_node.h                         ..\..\include\game
copy /y                  src\render\text_node.h                         ..\..\include\game